@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
alpha;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
set;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
style;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
translate;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\binhara.DESKTOP-270J9VH\Desktop\mi app kakarotto\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole\ZeDoGole.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\41\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
